hi Christa Garvey here doing a review
for the Marmot six-person halo tent
couple features about the outside of
this tent we have a nice vest large
vestibule in the back and another great
large vestibule in the front zipper to
enter press your tie off on the side
here
and on the end for the tent you can see
there's a lot of great space here last
night we had a rain storm we were able
to cook in the front with good
ventilation another great feature about
this tent as you can see it's very
spacious but in addition to being wide
it's also very high there's easily 7
feet height in here with 10 feet on each
side it's a nice spacious tent for in
this case my husband and I and all of
our stuff but if you're a family of six
or five and a dog there's enough space
for everybody to sleep and store all
your belongings
we have great pockets here mesh pockets
to organize your stuff on both sides you
also have the whole back side with
another vestibule to keep the low knees
if it's raining out and then in terms of
breathability one of the nice things
about this tent you have these side
windows to bring in the daylight but
also bring in some air and you also have
a whole mesh ceiling so it helps with
the breathability and views if the rain
flies off you have tabs here that you
can hang lines to dry clothes if you get
caught in a rainstorm favorite part
about this tent was the ease of setting
it up in less than 10 minutes I was able
to set it up by myself you can see
there's four poles you have the halo
poles going around the side and the two
crossbar poles that have sleeves to run
through but most of the external
structure is held up by these
easy-to-use clips I really recommend
this tent if you're looking for a tent
that has a lot of space it's perfect for
families or for an individual who's car
camping and needs a lot of room for
storage or organization